feat: add yaml config file (#30)
Lipoic/Lipoic-Discord-Bot: README.md

the bot of Lipoic official discord server

> Please view `config.yml.example` and create a `config.yml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow the format of `config.yml.example` to create a `config.yml` file.
```

這樣應該比較符合這段意思，請按照 `config.yml.example` 的格式來建立 `config.yml` 檔案。
